I've just about finished with Vale. All thats left is mobile optimization which will be done before next week. Deciding how to create the pages to a specific theme was hard for this one since it has multiple themes. All the others had specific colours and fonts so making page themes was easy. Vale's page was noticably bland in comparison. Can't say the same about Jersey Wyldlife just yet. 

I do feel down about one thing. The grind of regular work life outside of my intended career field eats away at my joys in coding. I don't want to look back at the past month with a bit of shame in that I haven't made any updates or commits to it. But I am focused on one thing at a time for now and that's alright, truly. 

Being kind to myself on what I do here is the entire point of naming it after the queen herself: Valerie. 

It's been awhile but I still think about her like she's still here. Getting a job in my field will be great for that goal to bring her back into my life. But it seems like, just like with Vale, I don't seem to give myself the level of love and attention I do to my sister. And that apathy leaks into everything I do. It leaks into my work, into my leisure, into my mind and self esteem. I'm not a developer yet. YET. And i have to truly believe in myself to bring that goal to reality because thats what Valerie wants for me. Not because of the goal but because being happy brought me that outcome. 

I've been working at it from behind the whole time. One of these days I'll read this back to you, Val. Not everything thing in life thats good comes from the outside. It's always inside out. My health my environment, my focus and my mind needs to be at peace and from there everything will blossom. Not being where I want to be now doesn't define the  quality of the goal in itself. It's probably why I look at Vale.js case study and see grey. 

It's only been 2 weeks but 2 weeks of good eating, working out and touching grass really cleared me up as funny as it is to say. And I got here because it only occured to me that you'd be yelling at me for sitting in my own filth and not growing. 

Thank you, Valerie. I'll keep up the work from here on out and hopefully soon i'll start to see the colours everywhere again. 